we were at the hospital as usual we
never left at all we never even thought
of quitting on our patients and the
injured people 4 days ago we were taken
by surprise when the Israeli military
besieged the hospital they would not
allow anyone inside we stayed to care
for the lives of our
patients we had 14 patients who we
continued to give Medical Care to then
today at 3:00 the Israeli Army forced
nearly all of us from the hospital the
patients remained inside with four
medical staff and two paramedics to care
for them all of us have been ordered to
leave the hospital and keep walking
towards West Gaza we are walking till we
reach a safe area and to find shelter we
want to reach a safe place and to
shelter the medical staff who remained
at Al ala hospital since October 7th
until now they never left and now their
homes are destroyed and they have
nowhere to
go we have sent several appeals to the W
to the Red Cross and to our partners
with Doctors Without Borders to
intervene to protect the
patients they all promis to intervene
and to talk to the occupation forces to
prevent targeting the hospital the
patients and not to Target the medical
staff but I haven't seen anything done
from here from this street I appeal to
all International organizations and all
medical related officials especially the
wh calling upon them to intervene to
protect what remains of the hospital the
patients in the hospital and the medical
staff who refuse to leave and continue
to care for those
patients make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer